AskForHelp page for OpenCall (#11)
InternetOfUs/developer: docs/tech/opencalls/ask-for-help.md

---
title: Ask for Help
sidebar_label: Ask for Help
---

## Bot

> If you want to deploy an instance of the **AskForHelp Chatbot** in the context of an open call, first write an email to support@internetofus.eu. We will create a new instance of the bot and we will give you the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open callers are provided with the possibility of leveraging the Ask4Help bot that has been developed in the context of the project. The bot will be configured and deployed by the team.

If you want to deploy an instance of the **AskForHelp Chatbot** in the context of an open call, first write an email to `support@internetofus.eu`. A new instance of the bot will be deployed and open callers will be provided with the following information:
```
